Narrator: LONG AGO,
WHEN THE PYRAMIDS
WERE STILL YOUNG,
EGYPTIAN KINGS PLAYED A GAME
OF GREAT AND TERRIBLE POWER.
BUT THESE SHADOW GAMES
ERUPTED INTO A WAR
THAT THREATENED TO DESTROY
THE ENTIRE WORLD
UNTIL A BRAVE
AND POWERFUL PHARAOH
LOCKED THE MAGIC AWAY,
IMPRISONING IT WITHIN
THE MYSTICAL MILLENNIUM ITEMS.
NOW, 5,000 YEARS LATER,
A BOY NAMED YUGI
UNLOCKS THE SECRET
OF THE MILLENNIUM PUZZLE.
HE IS INFUSED
WITH ANCIENT MAGICAL ENERGIES,
FOR DESTINY HAS CHOSEN HIM
TO DEFEND THE WORLD
FROM THE RETURN
OF THE SHADOW GAMES,
JUST AS THE BRAVE PHARAOH DID
5,000 YEARS AGO.
♪ YU-GI-OH, YU-GI-OH,
YU-GI-OH ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH, YOUR MOVE ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH ♪
♪ YOUR MOVE ♪
IT'S TIME
TO D-D-D-D-D-DUEL!
[ECHOING]
♪ YU-GI-OH ♪
Tristan: JOEY,
MAKE A MOVE ALREADY.
'KAY, HERE YA GO,
TOUGH GUY.
MY ROCK OGRE'S GONNA
ROCK YOUR BLOCK OFF.
HMM.
YEAH, TEA, LIKE THAT
WIMPY CARD HAS A CHANCE
AGAINST MY GIANT ROCK GUY.
GIVE IT UP!
GUESS I DON'T
STAND A CHANCE
UNLESS MAYBE I USE
THE BREATH OF LIGHT
CARD.
HUH? CAN SHE DO THAT?
OH, YEAH. THE BREATH
OF LIGHT WEARS DOWN
ROCK MONSTERS.
REDUCES THEM TO RUBBLE.
[SHATTERS]
AAH!
THAT BRINGS
YOUR LIFE POINTS
DOWN TO ZERO, JOEY.
ONCE AGAIN,
YOU LOSE AND I ROCK.
YOU STINK
AT THIS GAME.
AHH.
Joey: TRISTAN'S RIGHT,
YUGI. I DO STINK.
I CAN'T WIN
AT DUEL MONSTERS
TO SAVE MY LIFE.
WHAT IS IT, YUGI?
WHY CAN'T I EVER WIN?
TEACH ME WHAT
I'M DOIN' WRONG.
WELL, LET'S START
BY CHECKING
YOUR DECK, JOEY.
HUH? 'KAY.
HERE YA GO.
YEAH, THANKS.
Joey: POWERHOUSE LINEUP,
DON'T YA THINK?
NO ONE CAN WIN WITH THESE.
JOE, YOUR DECK'S
FILLED WITH NOTHING
BUT MONSTER CARDS.
YOU GOT IT. I PACKED IT
WITH EVERY BUTT-KICKIN'
MONSTER I COULD FIND.
BUT THAT'S NOT
HOW THE GAME WORKS.
HUH?
DUEL MONSTERS
IS ALL ABOUT COMBINING
YOUR MONSTER CARDS
WITH YOUR MAGIC CARDS
TO INCREASE
THEIR STRENGTH.
WITH NO MAGIC IN YOUR DECK,
YOUR MONSTERS WILL GET
CREAMED EVERY TIME.
HUH? SEE! THAT'S
THE KIND OF STUFF
I NEED TO KNOW.
YUGI, YOU'VE GOTTA
HELP ME LEARN MORE.
UH.
MY GRANDPA'S
THE REAL GAME EXPERT
IN THE FAMILY.
MAYBE HE CAN HELP.
HEY, GRANDPA,
I BROUGHT YOU
A NEW STUDENT.
HUH? STUDENT?
I WAS HOPING,
SINCE YOU KNOW MORE 'BOUT
DUEL MONSTERS THAN ANYONE
MAYBE YOU'D TEACH ME.
TEACH YOU?
DUEL MONSTERS IS
A VERY COMPLEX GAME.
YEAH, TELL ME
ABOUT IT.
TEA BEAT ME
3 GAMES IN A ROW.
ACTUALLY, TEA BEAT YOU
5 TIMES IN A ROW, JOEY.
5! AW, MAN. HUH?
HMM. YES,
I COULD TEACH YOU
TO BE A GREAT
TOURNAMENT DUELIST,
BUT ONLY
IF YOU'RE WILLING
TO SPEND ENDLESS DAYS
AND SLEEPLESS NIGHTS
FILLED WITH
RIGOROUS TRAINING.
AHH, PIECE OF CAKE.
WITH AN ATTITUDE
LIKE THAT,
TEACHING YOU MAY NOT
BE WORTH MY EFFORT.
AAH!
NICE GOIN' THERE,
SMART-MOUTH.
PLEASE, YUGI, HELP
ME CONVINCE HIM.
I WILL WORK HARD.
I PROMISE.
LISTEN, JOEY,
TEACHING YOU
DUEL MONSTERS
IS TOO BIG A CHALLENGE
EVEN FOR MY GRANDPA.
Grandpa: IT'S
NOT IMPOSSIBLE.
HUH? YOU MEAN IT,
GRAMPS?
JOEY, HE ALREADY SAID
HE CAN'T DO IT,
AND IF HE CAN'T DO IT,
HE CAN'T DO IT.
I NEVER SAID
I COULDN'T DO IT,
BUT IF I AGREE,
YOU MUST WORK HARD.
I'LL DO ANYTHING.
I PROMISE.
HMM. FINE. THEN WE'LL
BEGIN YOUR INSTRUCTION
IMMEDIATELY,
MY YOUNG FRIEND,
AND BELIEVE ME,
UNDER MY TUTELAGE,
YOU WILL LEARN.
NOW, CAN YOU NAME
THE MOST POWERFUL
DUEL MONSTER?
EHH. NO.
CAN YOU NAME
THE WEAKEST?
NO.
YOU DO KNOW WHAT
A TRAP CARD IS,
DON'T YOU?
KINDA. UH,
I HAVE NO IDEA.
Announcer:
GOOD EVENING, DUEL FANS
AND OUR 10 MILLION VIEWERS
AT HOME,
AND WELCOME TO
THE DUEL MONSTERS DUEL DOME
WHERE, TONIGHT,
THE DUEL MONSTERS
REGIONAL CHAMPIONSHIP
WILL BE DECIDED.
OF THE 200 DUELISTS
THAT HAVE COMPETED IN
THIS MARATHON TOURNAMENT
ONLY 2 COMPETITORS
REMAIN STANDING.
PUT YOUR CARDS TOGETHER
FOR WEEVIL UNDERWOOD,
THE BUG-BRAWLER!
[CHEERING]
AND HIS OPPONENT,
THE NUMBER-ONE-RANKED
REX RAPTOR, DINO-DUELIST.
BUG-BOY VERSUS
DINOSAUR-BREATH.
WHAT KIND OF
MATCH IS THAT?
THAT SHOULD'VE
BEEN ME IN THERE.
I KNOW YOU'VE BEEN
TRAINING FOR WEEKS,
BUT THOSE GUYS
ARE IN ANOTHER LEAGUE.
YOU'RE JUST
NOT READY YET.
SURE, RUB IT IN.
AND ON TOP OF THAT,
YOU'RE SO TIRED
YOU CAN'T KEEP
YOUR EYES OPEN.
[SNORES]
Yugi: I THINK
GRANDPA'S LESSONS
HAVE BEEN A BIT
TOO TOUGH FOR HIM.
AHH! SO TIRED.
MUST REST.
YOU HAVE NO TIME
FOR REST!
AAH!
DID YOU COME HERE
TO LEARN DUEL MONSTERS,
OR DID YOU COME HERE
TO CATCH UP
ON YOUR SLEEPING?!
[SNORES]
YOU SEE, IT'S
TRUE WHAT THEY SAY.
YOU SNOOZE, YOU LOSE!
AAH!
HA HA.
AHH. I MUST'VE
BEEN NUTS
TO THINK I
COULD EVER LEARN
THIS CRAZY GAME.
TIME FOR YOUR LESSON.
WHA--WE'RE
NOT DONE?!
NOT BY A LONG SHOT,
YOU SLACKER.
AHH.
NOW, QUIT YOUR
WHINING, JOSEPH.
I KNOW YOU'VE
BEEN WORKING
LONG AND HARD,
BUT YOU REALLY
ARE COMING ALONG
AS A DUELIST,
AND I'M QUITE
PROUD OF YOU.
GRAMPS, THANK YOU.
Grandpa: OH,
BY THE WAY, YUGI...
[GRUNTING]
THIS PACKAGE
CAME FOR YOU.
A PACKAGE?
WHAT IS IT, GRAMPS?
I DON'T KNOW.
IT JUST CAME
IN THE MAIL.
HUH.
IT'S FROM
INDUSTRIAL ILLUSIONS.
INDUSTRIAL
ILLUSIONS?
THAT'S THE COMPANY
THAT MAKES THE DUEL
MONSTERS GAME.
WHY THE HECK
WOULD THEY BE
SENDING A PACKAGE
TO YOU, YUGI?
I HAVE NO IDEA.
IS IT POSSIBLE
THEY HEARD I BEAT
THE WORLD CHAMPION?
YOU MEAN KAIBA?
YEAH. IT WASN'T
AN OFFICIAL MATCH
OR ANYTHING,
BUT KAIBA DID DROP OUT
OF THE TOURNAMENT
BECAUSE OF ME.
DRAW YOUR LAST
PATHETIC CARD
SO I CAN END THIS,
YUGI.
MY GRANDPA'S DECK HAS NO
PATHETIC CARDS, KAIBA,
BUT IT DOES CONTAIN...
THE UNSTOPPABLE EXODIA.
AAH! IMPOSSIBLE!
Yugi: EXODIA,
OBLITERATE!
[SCREAMING]
JUST HEARIN'
KAIBA'S NAME
GIVES ME
A HEADACHE.
WHOA! GUYS, RAPTOR
JUST STOMPED WEEVIL.
YUGI, THESE GUYS
ANY GOOD?
OH, YEAH. THEY'RE BOTH
PRETTY TOUGH CUSTOMERS.
WEEVIL SPECIALIZES
IN INSECT CARDS,
AND HE'S A GREAT
STRATEGIST.
THEN YOU'VE GOT
REX RAPTOR
AND HIS DINOSAUR CARDS.
HE USES THEIR POWER
TO OVERWHELM
HIS OPPONENTS.
ITSY-BITSY BUGS
AGAINST DUELIN'
DINOSAURS?
RAPTOR HAS GOT
THIS ONE IN THE BAG.
Yugi: I WOULDN'T
BE SO SURE.
ALL RIGHT, WEEVIL.
CONSIDER YOURSELF
DINOSAUR CHOW!
Announcer: OHH, AND RAPTOR
PLAYS THE STRONGEST CARD
IN HIS DECK--
THE TERRIBLE 2-HEADED
KING REX!
LOOKS LIKE THIS MATCH
COULD BE OVER RIGHT HERE,
RIGHT NOW!
[GROWLS]
Announcer: WE'RE BACK,
MONSTER FANS,
AND WITH THE 2-HEADED
KING REX IN PLAY,
IT LOOKS LIKE
THIS DUEL IS ALL DONE.
YOUR MOVE.
HEE HEE HEE HEE.
AND ALL I HAVE IS
THIS WEAK LITTLE BUG.
Announcer:
WEEVIL UNDERWOOD COUNTERS
WITH A BASIC INSECT CARD.
HE PLAYS A WIMPY BUG
AGAINST A GIANT
DINOSAUR?
THE PLACE WILL BE
COVERED IN BUG GUTS.
MAYBE, BUT I WOULDN'T
UNDERESTIMATE WEEVIL.
KING REX, LET'S TAKE
THIS CHAMPIONSHIP.
STOMP 'EM!
[GROWLING]
HEE HEE HEE.
YOU ATTACKED YOUR WAY
INTO MY TRAP,
BUT THEN,
HOW COULD YOUR TINY
DINOSAUR BRAIN KNOW
WHEN AN ENEMY ATTACKS,
MY VORTEX ACTIVATES.
[COMPUTER BEEPS]
OH, NO!
IT'S A TRAP CARD!
WHICH TOTALLY TRAPS
YOUR KING REX IN IT'S
INESCAPABLE EMBRACE.
[ROARING]
NO, MY KING REX!
AND WHILE
HE'S TRAPPED THERE,
I'LL UPGRADE
MY BASIC INSECT
BY GIVING HIM ARMOR
WITH FIRE POWER.
NOT SUCH A WEAK
LITTLE BUG AFTER ALL, HMM?
ATTACK!
AAH!
[GROWLS]
AND KING REX IS EXTINCT.
WOW! BEATEN BY A BUG.
A STUNNING UPSET
BY WEEVIL UNDERWOOD,
OUR NEWEST CHAMPION.
[CHEERING]
HEH HEH.
MAN, KING REX
SQUASHED
BY AN INSECT?
AND NOW,
A VERY SPECIAL HONOR
FOR OUR NEW CHAMPION.
HERE TO PRESENT
THE DUEL MONSTERS
CHAMPIONSHIP TROPHY,
THE CREATOR OF DUEL MONSTERS
AND THE PRESIDENT
OF INDUSTRIAL ILLUSIONS,
LADIES AND GENTLEMEN
AND FELLOW DUELISTS,
I GIVE YOU
MR. MAXIMILLION PEGASUS!
[CHEERING]
CONGRATULATIONS.
UH, THANK YOU.
AND AS REGIONAL CHAMPION,
I INVITE YOU TO COMPETE
IN A BOLD NEW TOURNAMENT
I'M HOSTING
AT DUELIST KINGDOM.
MR. PEGASUS,
WITH THE ANNOUNCEMENT
THAT YOU MADE TONIGHT,
WE'LL HAVE THOUSANDS
OF DUELISTS FLOCKING
TO DUELIST KINGDOM.
YES. AN EVENT
SUCH AS THIS
WILL HOPEFULLY ATTRACT
THOSE WHO POSSESS
THE MILLENNIUM ITEMS
I SEEK.
WHICH REMINDS ME--
THE PACKAGE WAS
DELIVERED TO THE BOY
JUST AS YOU ORDERED, SIR.
EXCELLENT.
Grandpa: HA!
WITH ALL THE EXCITEMENT
OF THE CHAMPIONSHIPS,
YOU FORGOT TO OPEN
YOUR PACKAGE, YUGI.
WHAT COULD IT BE?
All: AHH!
Tea: IT'S
SOME KIND OF GLOVE.
Joey: AND STARS.
Tristan:
MAYBE THERE'S
AN EXPLANATION
ON THE VIDEO.
POP IT IN AND
CHECK IT OUT.
Yugi: OK.
GREETINGS, LITTLE YUGI.
I AM MAXIMILLION PEGASUS.
PEGASUS?
WE JUST SAW HIM
ON TV.
THE FAMOUS
MAXIMILLION PEGASUS
SENDS GREETINGS
TO MY YUGI.
I HAVE HEARD SOME TERRIBLY
INTERESTING THINGS
ABOUT YOU, YUGI.
HUH?
YOUR IMPRESSIVE DEFEAT
OF SETO KAIBA
INTRIGUED ME SO MUCH,
I'VE DECIDED TO INVESTIGATE
YOUR AMAZING DUELING SKILLS
PERSONALLY.
RIGHT HERE, RIGHT NOW,
WE SHALL HOLD
A SPECIAL DUEL.
WE'LL PLAY WITH A STRICT
TIME LIMIT OF 15 MINUTES,
AND WHEN TIME'S UP,
THE PLAYER WITH
THE HIGHEST LIFE POINTS
WILL BE THE WINNER.
ARE YOU READY?
WHA--
WHA--HE CAN'T SERIOUSLY
EXPECT YOU TO FIGHT A DUEL
AGAINST A VIDEOTAPE?
THAT'S CRAZY.
[PEGASUS LAUGHS]
NO, IT'S MAGIC!
[ALL GASP]
AHH! EVERYTHING'S
GROWING DARK AND COLD,
AND THE OTHERS
AREN'T MOVING.
WHAT HAVE YOU
DONE TO THEM?!
WHERE HAVE YOU
TAKEN US?
[LAUGHS]
WE ARE NO LONGER
IN THE WORLD YOU KNOW,
BUT I WILL RETURN YOU
AFTER OUR GAME.
THEN IT'S TIME TO DUEL!
YU-GI-OH!
START THE CLOCK
AND MAKE YOUR MOVE,
PEGASUS.
CERTAINLY, LET'S BEGIN.
NERVOUS, YUGI-BOY?
YOU SHOULD BE.
YOU HAVE NEVER FACED
A DUELIST LIKE ME BEFORE.
YOU MAY BE GOOD.
I ASSURE YOU I AM.
BUT I WILL BEAT YOU
TO SAVE MY FRIENDS.
YOU WON'T SAVE ANYONE
WITH THAT DRAGON CARD.
HOW--
I TOLD YOU
YOU'VE NEVER FACED
ANYONE LIKE ME BEFORE.
I KNOW EVERY MOVE
YOU'LL MAKE
BEFORE YOU CAN
EVEN MAKE IT.
Pegasus: KNOWING
EVERY MOVE YOU'LL MAKE
GIVES ME
A DISTINCT ADVANTAGE,
WOULDN'T YOU SAY?
Yugi: WHAT?!
FOR EXAMPLE, I CAN
ANTICIPATE YOUR NEXT PLAY
AND COUNTER IT WITH
THIS DRAGON CAPTURE JAR.
Yugi: AAH!
IT WILL DRAW
THE KOUMORI DRAGON
FROM YOUR CARD
AND IMPRISON THE BEAST.
TRAPPED, NEVER TO BE
PLAYED AGAINST ME.
[THINKING]
THIS IS CRAZY.
FIRST HE READS MY MIND,
THEN HE BRINGS
THE MONSTER
ON MY CARD TO LIFE.
THIS DARK DIMENSION
WE'RE IN IS KNOWN
AS THE "SHADOW REALM,"
A MYSTICAL PLACE
WHERE INCREDIBLE MONSTERS
CAN BE SUMMONED
AND THE IMPOSSIBLE
IS QUITE POSSIBLE.
BUT WHAT YOU'RE TELLING ME
CAN'T BE TRUE.
TELL ME, YUGI,
DO YOU BELIEVE
THERE IS MAGIC
IN THESE CARDS?
DON'T YOU KNOW?
YOU INVENTED THIS GAME.
WHAT IF I TOLD YOU
I DIDN'T.
HUH?!
IN ANCIENT TIMES,
THE EGYPTIANS
CALLED THIS
THE SHADOW GAME.
POWERFUL PHARAOHS
WOULD HOLD MYSTICAL DUELS
IN OTHER DIMENSIONS
JUST AS WE'RE DOING NOW,
BUT NOT WITH CARDS.
THEY BATTLED
WITH REAL MONSTERS
AND REAL MAGIC--
MAGICAL FORCES
SO POWERFUL
THE EGYPTIANS
LOST CONTROL OF THEM
AND NEARLY DESTROYED
THE ENTIRE WORLD.
IT'S A GOOD STORY,
PEGASUS,
BUT THESE MONSTERS
CAN'T BE REAL.
TELL THAT TO
MY DRAGON-CHARMER.
AS HIS FLUTE OF RESURRECTION
FREES YOUR KOUMORI DRAGON,
BUT PUTS HIM
UNDER MY CONTROL.
[ROARS]
I HAVE TO COUNTERATTACK.
SILVER FANG!
[GROWLS]
[ROARS]
OHH! THE HEAT!
AHH!
HA! AS YOU SEE, YUGI,
THESE MONSTERS
ARE VERY REAL,
HEH HEH HEH HEH HEH,
AND ALSO QUITE DANGEROUS.
HEH HEH HEH HEH HEH.
AHH, YUGI-BOY.
YOU REALLY ARE
QUITE ENTERTAINING--
THE WAY YOU
SCOWL AND SNEER,
SO DEFIANT AND YET HELPLESS
AND SO COMPLETELY
IGNORANT
OF THE POWER OF
YOUR MILLENNIUM PUZZLE.
WHAT?!
5,000 YEARS AGO,
A POWERFUL PHARAOH
LOCKED THE MAGIC
OF THE SHADOW GAMES AWAY.
WHAT'S THIS HAVE
TO DO WITH ME?
THE PHARAOH CAPTURED
THESE VAST MAGICAL ENERGIES
IN 7 MYSTICAL
MILLENNIUM ITEMS.
7 ITEMS?
YOU'RE SAYING THAT
MY PUZZLE'S ONE OF THEM?
YES, AND THERE ARE MYSTICAL
ENERGIES LOCKED WITHIN IT--
MAGIC THAT COULD CHANGE
YOUR LIFE FOREVER
IF YOU ONLY KNEW
HOW TO UNLEASH IT.
BUT WHY ARE YOU
TELLING ME THIS?
WHY? SIMPLY BECAUSE
I NEED YOU TO KNOW.
BUT PERHAPS I HAVE
SAID TOO MUCH,
AND SINCE THE CLICK
IS STILL TICKING,
I PROPOSE WE RESUME
PLAYING OUR LITTLE DUEL.
[THINKING] HE'S RIGHT.
TIME'S RUNNING OUT,
AND I STILL
HAVEN'T FIGURED OUT
WHETHER HE CAN
REALLY READ MY MIND
OR IF IT'S
SOME KIND OF TRICK.
[SIGHS] I'VE GOT TO
TRY SOMETHING.
MAYBE MY ZOMBIE WARRIOR.
HEH HEH HEH HEH.
WAIT A MINUTE!
HE DEFINITELY KNOWS
WHAT I'M ABOUT TO DO,
BUT HOW?
IT'S GOT TO HAVE
SOMETHING TO DO
WITH THAT
WEIRD EYE OF HIS.
THAT'S IT, ISN'T IT?
THAT WEIRD EYE MUST
SOMEHOW LET HIM SEE
THE CARDS IN MY HAND.
SO, NO MATTER
WHICH CARD I PICK,
HE'S ALREADY
ONE STEP AHEAD OF ME,
BUT THAT
GIVES ME AN IDEA.
HURRY UP, NOW, YUGI-BOY.
TIME IS RUNNING OUT
FOR YOU AND YOUR FRIENDS.
PEGASUS IS
EXPECTING ME TO PLAY
ONE OF THE CARDS
IN MY HAND,
BUT WHAT IF I PLAY
A CARD EVEN I HAVEN'T
SEEN YET?
WHAT HAPPENS
IF I DRAW A NEW CARD
STRAIGHT FROM THE DECK
WITHOUT EVEN
LOOKING AT IT.
I ALREADY KNOW YOU PLAN
TO PLAY THE ZOMBIE WARRIOR,
AND I'M ALREADY
PREPARED TO COUNTER IT
WITH A TRAP CARD
THAT MAKES EVEN ZOMBIES
LIE DOWN AND PLAY DEAD.
NOT THIS TIME.
I FIGURED OUT YOUR
LITTLE GAME, PEGASUS.
YOU MAY BE ABLE TO SEE
THE CARDS IN MY HAND,
BUT YOU CAN'T SEE
THE CARDS I PULL
FROM THE DECK.
HMM?
MY NEXT CARD IS...
THE DARK MAGICIAN!
OOH, A BIG, SCARY
DARK MAGICIAN.
MOCK ME ALL YOU LIKE,
PEGASUS,
BUT MY MAGICIAN WILL
DESTROY THAT DRAGON!
GO RIGHT AHEAD
IF YOU THINK IT'LL HELP.
IT'LL DO MORE
THAN HELP, PEGASUS.
IT'LL BRING YOU
CLOSER TO DEFEAT
AND BRING ME CLOSER
TO SAVING MY FRIENDS.
IF IT CAN DO ALL THAT,
BY ALL MEANS, PLAY IT.
DARK MAGICIAN!
DARK MAGIC ATTACK!
AAH!
[SHATTERS]
HA HA HA HA HA!
NICELY PLAYED,
BUT BY USING
YOUR DARK MAGICIAN,
YOU'VE LET ME MANIPULATE
YOU ONCE AGAIN.
AHH.
BY PLAYING THAT ONE CARD,
YOU HAVE INSURED MY VICTORY.
NO.
WE SHALL SEE, YUGI.
OH, A VERY RARE CARD.
THIS IS THE FEARSOME
FACELESS MAGE.
I'VE NEVER SEEN
THAT CARD BEFORE,
BUT MY DARK MAGICIAN
IS ONE OF THE STRONGEST
MAGIC CARDS IN THE GAME.
BUT HOW WILL HE FARE
ONCE I COMBINE
MY FACELESS MAGE
WITH THE EQUALLY RARE
EYE OF ILLUSION?
[LAUGHS]
DARK MAGICIAN,
DARK MAGIC ATTACK!
[LAUGHS]
[GROANS]
DARK MAGICIAN!
[THINKING] MY ATTACK
HAD NO AFFECT AT ALL.
HIS FACELESS MAGE SHOULD
HAVE BEEN DESTROYED,
BUT IT'S STILL STANDING
AND I'M RUNNING
OUT OF TIME.
Yugi, thinking: I'M UP
BY 300 LIFE POINTS,
BUT ONLY BECAUSE PEGASUS
IS TOYING WITH ME.
I'VE GOT TO FIND
A WAY TO BEAT HIM
AT HIS OWN SHADOW GAME.
[THINKING] PEGASUS KNOWS
ALL KINDS OF TRICKS,
BUT I GOT TO FIND
A WAY TO DEFEAT HIM.
I JUST HAVE TO TRUST
IN MY GRANDPA'S CARDS.
I ATTACK YOUR COMBO
WITH THE ELF SWORDSMAN.
THIS MIGHTY WARRIOR
WILL CUT
YOUR FACELESS MAGE
DOWN TO SIZE.
TRUE, YOUR ELF IS MIGHTY,
BUT YOU HAVE ONCE AGAIN
UNDERESTIMATED
THE INCREDIBLE POWER
OF MY EYE OF ILLUSION.
HA HA!
NO!
DARK MAGIC ATTACK!
[ROARS]
[SHATTERS]
AAH!
BUT THAT'S IMPOSSIBLE!
THE FACELESS MAGE
DOESN'T HAVE
A DARK MAGIC ATTACK.
OH, NO!
[THINKING] IT WAS
MY OWN DARK MAGICIAN
THAT ATTACKED ME.
PEGASUS IS
CONTROLLING HIM
WITH THE EYE OF ILLUSION.
BUT IF HE'S USING
ITS MAGIC TO CONTROL
MY MAGICIAN,
WHAT'S PROTECTING
HIS MAGE?
WELL, YUGI, OUR TIME
TOGETHER IS NEARLY UP,
AND AS I'VE MORE
LIFE POINTS THAN YOU,
IT APPEARS I AM THE VICTOR.
TIME'S NOT UP
JUST YET, PEGASUS,
AND YOU'VE LEFT
YOUR FACELESS MAGE
VULNERABLE TO
A PHYSICAL ASSAULT.
OHH.
SUMMONED SKULL, ATTACK!
[SCREECHES]
AHH. HMM. WELL,
WE'VE RUN OUT OF TIME,
BUT HOW CLOSE WAS THAT?
IF YOU HAD BEEN ABLE
TO COMPLETE THAT ATTACK,
I WOULD HAVE LOST.
BUT I DIDN'T, DID I?
I HAVE TAKEN THE MEASURE
OF YOUR TALENTS THIS DAY,
YUGI MUTO,
AND WHEN NEXT WE DUEL,
WE SHALL PLAY
FOR FAR HIGHER STAKES.
I'M DONE WITH YOUR GAMES.
TSK, TSK, TSK.
YOU PRESUME I'M GIVING YOU
A CHOICE IN THE MATTER,
BUT I'M NOT...
FOR I, TOO, POSSESS ONE
OF THE 7 MILLENNIUM ITEMS--
THE ALL-POWERFUL
MILLENNIUM EYE.
A MILLENNIUM EYE?
THAT'S RIGHT, YUGI-BOY,
AND NOW I'LL SHOW YOU
THE TRUE EXTENT
OF ITS MAGIC.
YOU SEE, I HAVE FOUND THAT,
GIVEN THE PROPER INCENTIVE,
ANYONE CAN BE MADE
TO PLAY MY GAME.
OHH!
YUGI!
HUH? GRANDPA!
YES, WE WILL
DUEL AGAIN, YUGI.
HOW ELSE WILL YOU EVER
RECLAIM YOUR
GRANDFATHER'S SOUL?
GRANDPA!
[PEGASUS LAUGHS]
GRANDPAAAAAA!